Show us a Video of your newly created 3D project.
Send us a document with:- 10 Sentences as a feedback to the course- What was good, what was bad?
- provide your name and student number- A videolink with your build project (upload to StudIP)
mail: mwaechter@uni-osnabrueck.de

What was good?
- every student could do the course at his own pace using the videos.
- Videos were very detailed and step by step, that helped a lot 
- Videos had good length
- we did Path1, but there is still the possibility that we will look at Path2 and expand our knowledge


What was bad?


Hello Max and Farbod,

we first want to thank you guys for this intro class to Unity. Anna and I enjoyed the course very much, especially the work on the project afterwards. We were really excited to program in Unity and to create games and you did not disappointed us. The course was cool and the podcast style videos were fun and we learned a lot. We found the block course perfect at the beginning of the semester because then we had the whole semester to develop our project. We really liked about the class that every student could do the course at his own pace using the videos. Moreover, the videos were very detailed and step by step, that helped a lot. We think that the 20 minute videos had a good time length.  We are normally a little bit overwhelmed in other programming classes, so we were happy that this one was nicely to follow. 
Since we enjoyed the class and we hope that you will offer this class in future again, here a some ideas to make it even better. The structure of the course only became really clear during the semester and many organizational questions were asked at the beginning. To avoid this you should upload slides with organizational stuff before the class starts. And then you could start the class with a big blue button Meeting to answer questions that already came up. 
Also we remember that many students wanted to start the class on the first day and there were no videos online and an email with information came later that day. Since students self manage their time, it would be good to upload the first videos on Sunday night/Monday morning, because there are students who study in the morning rather than in the evening.

We really hope that you offer this class again. You did a great job!

We uploaded out final project to studIP. Since we created different worlds in our game and we wanted to show how to play it, our video turned out to be 6 minutes long. When we filmed it with our Laptop the quality was good, but the size was way to big to upload it in StupIP. So we decided to film the video for StudIP with our normal phone camera and upload it. The quality is not that good, but you get an idea of our game. We will send you an extra email with a link to Wetransfer with the Lap top filmed version of our game, so you can see the game in full quality.

All the Best,
Anna and Lena
